README.md, before:

![Zirrow](http://zirrow.danmasq.com/i/zirrow.png)
=========

[Zirrow](http://zirrow.danmasq.com) is a 
[Zillow Api](http://www.zillow.com/howto/api/APIOverview.htm) 
wrapper written in [Ruby](http://ruby-lang.org/), 
designed to self-document in a [Sinatra](http://www.sinatrarb.com/) app.

## Demo

[zirrow.danmasq.com](http://zirrow.danmasq.com)

## Install

To get all the gems, `bundle install`

If you just want a really simple Zillow Api class, use [/api/Zirrow.rb](https://github.com/dancrew32/zirrow/blob/master/api/Zirrow.rb).

If you want to run the api site, just `rackup config.ru` or 
if you're on [Heroku](http://www.heroku.com/), `heroku create && git push heroku master`.

No clue what rack is? Read about here [Rack](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/rack)

You'll need to request a 
[Zillow Api Key](http://www.zillow.com/webservice/APIUpgradeRequest.htm) 
to get rolling.


## What's it do?

Zirrow scrapes the many pages of the 
[Zillow Api Documentation](http://www.zillow.com/howto/api/APIOverview.htm)
for summaries of each api when you create a new method in `Zirrow.rb`
and implement it in the Sinatra app.


## How do I use it?

The following returns search results (json) for this address:

```ruby
@z = Zirrow.new :key => 'myZWSID'
@z.search 'address' => '184 17th ave', 'citystatezip' => 'san francisco ca'	
```


## What's it going to do?

Zirrow will eventually scrape the api parameters and dynamically compare
existing parameters to ensure this api wrapper is up to date. 
It's even going to dynamically write this README and push it to github.

Commit message:

add note about editing settings in app.rb

README.md, after:

![Zirrow](http://zirrow.danmasq.com/i/zirrow.png)
=========

[Zirrow](http://zirrow.danmasq.com) is a 
[Zillow Api](http://www.zillow.com/howto/api/APIOverview.htm) 
wrapper written in [Ruby](http://ruby-lang.org/), 
designed to self-document in a [Sinatra](http://www.sinatrarb.com/) app.

## Demo

[zirrow.danmasq.com](http://zirrow.danmasq.com)

## Install

To get all the gems, `bundle install`

If you just want a really simple Zillow Api class, use [/api/Zirrow.rb](https://github.com/dancrew32/zirrow/blob/master/api/Zirrow.rb).

If you want to run the api site, just `rackup config.ru` or 
if you're on [Heroku](http://www.heroku.com/), `heroku create && git push heroku master`.

No clue what rack is? Read about here [Rack](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/rack)

You'll need to request a 
[Zillow Api Key](http://www.zillow.com/webservice/APIUpgradeRequest.htm) 
to get rolling.

When you get your key, go in and 
[edit the settings in app.rb](https://github.com/dancrew32/zirrow/blob/master/app.rb#L7-L17).


## What's it do?

Zirrow scrapes the many pages of the 
[Zillow Api Documentation](http://www.zillow.com/howto/api/APIOverview.htm)
for summaries of each api when you create a new method in `Zirrow.rb`
and implement it in the Sinatra app.


## How do I use it?

The following returns search results (json) for this address:

```ruby
@z = Zirrow.new :key => 'myZWSID'
@z.search 'address' => '184 17th ave', 'citystatezip' => 'san francisco ca'	
```


## What's it going to do?

Zirrow will eventually scrape the api parameters and dynamically compare
existing parameters to ensure this api wrapper is up to date. 
It's even going to dynamically write this README and push it to github.
